The 144BBS List is a collection of numbers reported as belonging to
   US BBSes with one or more lines supporting v.32bis, v.fast class and
   v.34 CONNECTs.
 - 144BBS List is compiled and maintained by Ken Sukimoto, SysOp of the
   DownTown BBS as a service to DownTown BBS subscribers and other
   callers and is published on an irregular basis although we try to
   have a new release on the first of each month.
 - 144BBS List is also available as a comma delimited file for those of
   you using BBS doors for online display and/or in need of info for
   database applications. This file is distributed as 144BBS.DB.
This is not intended to be an advertising list. With the way BBS's
   change, there is no way I or most anyone else could keep up with
   software/hardware changes, doorways added/deleted, specialties of the
   BBS and other features that make a BBS unique. This would also make
   144BBS even larger than it currently is and just one more opportunity
   to be inaccurate.
 - Although it is the goal, 144BBS is not comprehensive. I am quite sure
   there are a lot of BBS's that have been omitted - rather than attempt
   to guess at BBS names/numbers/cities and modem types, I am depending
   on reliable sources to submit these missing BBS's and accurate
   information about them.
Since the content of 144BBS is for the most part public knowledge, no
   formal copyright for content is applied for.
 - I'm not even sure that the name "144BBS" isn't already copyrighted;
   if it isn't, then that is the only copyright claimed.
 - Rather than legalese and restrictions, I request common courtesy in
   the distribution of 144BBS List.
 - No fee should be charged for 144BBS List other than normal system
   access requirements.
144BBS List is dedicated to the SysOps who install high speed modems,
   enabling users to access systems at higher and higher speeds. It is
   also dedicated to these same users who motivated the SysOps to
   install these modems through their contributions; material,
   inspirational and otherwise.
 - Thanks go to the SysOps, Users and Administrators of U'NI Net,
   SmartNet, MajorNet and Intelec for their help and the use of their
   networks to gather information for this list.
MUSH FACE:
This game is a game that has caught on among some children in England and
South America.	The rules are simple.  While the elves are eating, suddenly
someone yells "Mush Face!"  It's amazing to watch the mad scramble that
follows.  The elves grab their food--and everyone else's--and do all they
can to get it all over the other fellow's face.  The elf who ends up with
the cleanest face is the winner.  As far as Mrs. Santa is concerned, this is
her least favorite elvish game.

BIG BALL:
No one is sure who invented this game--but once the idea gets out, it will
surely spread from Pole to Pole.  In Big Ball, the first elf (usually
selected by drawing sticks--the one with the short stick gets to go first)
climbs into the ball.  Then the other elves seal it up.  Don't worry--
there's plenty of air in the ball!  Once the elf is comfortable in the ball,
his companions start to roll it around.  They roll and roll, over snowbanks,
across the garden, down ice hills.  When the elf inside finally starts to
moan, they stop and pull him out.  The elf who can roll around the longest
without moaning is the winner.

HIDE AND SEEK:
Elves play hide and seek the way everyone else does--except that they can
hide anywhere!	Raful, for instance, was once found in Cincinnati under a
garbage can--fourteen weeks after the game started!  And Fringle once hid
so well that he had to go into hibernation in Mexico.  The other players
found him that following June.

HOPSCOTCH:
The elves introduced this game to the North Pole, but now it's been adopted
by Santa and Mrs. Santa.  Santa first played the game in the late 1700s--
and beat even the best elves.  Then Mrs. Santa played him -- and won!  Pretty
soon it had turned into a real contest, to see who could win the most times
at hopscotch.  For quite a while Santa had a real winning streak.  He and
Mrs. Santa would play every day (except for Christmas season) and Santa
won 1329 times in a row.  But then Mrs. Santa changed her strategy.  Now
she has a slight edge on Santa.  The overall score is: Mrs. Santa - 31,222
Santa -- 30,961.  The elves dropped out of the contest quite e
